listen I think what does have some of
the best scenes of the year this thing
is such a high combo price for me that I
had to make a Wyatt works video on it
you know that I take it seriously so
it's definitely one of those that I
highly recommend going to go watch right
and considering that it might last why
it works video people kept tweaking
about spoilers here's a big spoiler
warning cuz yes in order to talk about
why a movie works I'm gonna talk about
what works in the movie let me explain
so this is actually based off of a
miniseries from back in the 80s that
even had a third season spin-off that
followed it up in the 90s in a sense
it's everything oceans 8 wasn't Steve
McQueen and Gillian Flynn got together
for the movie version of widows that
follows four dudes going on a major
heist played by pretty big characters
and then they die minutes into the movie
hence why we focus on the widows now the
first thing McQueen does a great job
with is how he subverts practically
every expectation you know we're so used
to seeing Michelle Rodriguez being the
tomboy the tough chick the one who's
always furious and here she owns a dress
shop and even as one of the most
emotional cries in the movie Elizabeth
the Becky's always the model type Bond
girl right there's never a scratch on
her no bruises she's usually typecast
for her Heights and here she's the most
belittled character getting abused and
beat by her mother and her lover and we
have Iola Davis who always commands a
screen always is the fiercest one the
stern leader of the group doubting
herself my man went for the range on all
of these actors on top of that I'm fully
investing my stocks on Brian's Henry
Henry before he becomes a household name
you know he's already proven himself
he's already getting a little bit of
hype but I'm calling her right now
before you see this man cast and
absolutely everything here he's playing
a politician who was running against
Colin Farrell's character for the
southside of Chicago and he has kalui Oh
who's playing the scariest hit man since
this dude right here I mean this guy
made you flip a coin Daniel made his
victims sing the Colin's character also
has his own cheat codes to win since his
racist dad is already embedded in so it
ends up becoming kind of like a
political thriller that's going on as
well but the reason this group of women
gets drawn in is because their husbands
stole this guy's money and in order for
them to move on
they gotta steal this dude's money and I
was surprised how this movie was funny
like yeah it's a crazy scenario of
having housewives turn into master
thieves but
humor that McQueen is able to bring in
is what makes all of those emotional
scenes and all the metaphorical
reflections of each character hit that
much harder because I hated the trailer
so much this is for guns guns from where
figured out that is not how it's
delivered in the movie at all like I get
that the marketing team wanted a pitch a
thriller right and and it is but it's
way more than that it's nuanced and that
way you don't blow at the box-office
see one of the best shots in the movie
is such a subtle one and I would argue
it's one of the best of the year I don't
have the clip for it so it's even more
reason for you to go catch this in
theaters but it's this long take
involving Colin Farrow getting into his
car after he gave a speech in the south
side of Chicago and all it really does
is have the camera on the hood of the
car panning from the left side to the
right side as he goes from one community
that's struggling to just find a job to
a gated one that's literally a couple
blocks away and the fact that
screenwriter Gillian Flynn lives in
Chicago adds to the fact that she kind
of understands the city her and McQueen
even talking to a bunch of Chicagoans
while they were writing this from the
north to the south side to get their
perspectives shows how it sounds like
they are to the city unlike other movies
out there and it's those little things
that make the movie I look at the way
the film begins with me in bed with Liam
Neeson and we're kissing and it's a
sexualized kiss and Here I am I'm dark
I'm 53 I'm in my natural hair and I'm
with Liam Neeson
I'm with what America would consider to
be a hunk and he's not my slave owner
I'm not a prostitute
it's not trying to make any kind of
social or political statements
we simply are a couple in love most
critics I will say most cinephiles will
probably not even acknowledge that as
anything novel oh I notice it's an
interesting perspective because I don't
believe personally that a director has
to explain their work since you know I
think that's why they made the movie to
express how they feel to show it to you
but I do agree with Viola that critics
and audience members have a
responsibility or at least the
opportunity to be the people who discuss
what it means to them that's why I love
explaining movies you know it's not just
a breakdown
plot but to let me explain my emotions
while watching it what worked what did
it what was missed or can be interpreted
so for the society people who hate
explanations
not everyone's daddy paid for the NYU
tuition I'm with Viola on a critics
responsibility in fact I think that the
biggest impact comes from the things
that purposefully are given the least
attention like Davis mentioned the
relationship between her and Neeson
isn't progressive it's just the norm
it's the main character in eighth grade
having acne without it having to be this
big Hannah Montana plot point that gets
all the focus it's just showing you that
it's normal for teens to not look like
Disney Channel stars everyone's always
quick to complain about CGI right but
what's crazy about it is that a majority
of the artists the CGI artists who are
doing a great job in order for them to
show you that you have to not notice it
because then that means that their work
is blending in it's searchings lead
being an American dad who loves his
daughter
viola being no different of a casting
choice than Sandra Bullock except you
know getting cast in the better movie I
get why people do those random MOV
statistics because you know they want to
emphasize on something that isn't the
norm but I personally feel as I see with
this movie treating it like it just is
the norm is how you make it the norm
biggest negatives for me of the movie
would probably be the overly drawn-out
explanations and I don't even want to
blame McQueen on that I just feel that
because he now has more money that's
being a big studio film the studio kind
of made him do those things for the
audience you know the same way that they
shifted the tone for the trailers but
even if you didn't care about all the
little details right if you just came in
here for the thriller heist movie that
you were pitched remember this man has
fought terrorists wolves Nazis bring got
nothing against that these four big
twists in the movie is that this was all
his plan right like to screw around with
the politicians and even with his own
wife and all of the other widows there
in order for him to be able to escape
and run away
a twist I came directly from the
miniseries and as great as that ending
is where Veronica finally learns to
stand on her own and she kills them it's
gonna be interesting to maybe even see a
sequel about it Flynn wants to revisit
these characters which make sense and
again it's based off of a series but I
think it would be the perfect
counterpart to the new oceans franchise
that doesn't rely on George Clooney
coming back from the dead I think
there's room for both right like as much
as people think that I hate the oceans
movie the new one because they didn't
actually listen to the video and just
wanted to get mad in the comments they
have different approaches and I'm all
cool for that
but for all of those who were giving
praises to the ocean movie without even
watching it and giving it all this merit
have y'all met Widow's cuz this movie
does what that movie showed up Flynn
said she wanted to focus on Jax win for
the sequel on what happens when people
stop giving him pity and realize all of
his racist father's hidden secrets and
you guys know I'm always up for a good
miniseries so I'd be down to seeing that
story go to HBO where it can live
alongside flims other adaptation but
regardless of if they'll continue it or
not what I do know is that widows stands
on its own it shows you that females
don't need a man's hand-me-down to make
their own franchise and that it doesn't
matter if you're Liam Neeson never do
something to betray your wife cuz she'll
have no problem calling herself a widow
real quick thank you guys for checking
out this video I'm Kirsten your thoughts
down below in the comment section they
said this was supposed to be the movie
to unite all of phone Twitter and I
personally agree I don't know anyone who
hasn't liked this movie per se but
Kirsten are your thoughts about it
did you see it this thing is like
tanking from what I saw for opening
weekend so I highly implore you guys to
go see it I know some of you need
spoilers and that that's completely fine
you want to know what you're paying for
and I'm telling you right now hopefully
I sold it for you go check it out for
the rest of you I'm curious to know if
it worked for you if it didn't it
personally did for me and one of my
favorite parts about it is just
literally all of the interviews dealing
with Viola Davis this woman she's got
the e got almost right she's just
missing that Grammy so I don't know
she's got a some someone get her an
audio book to voice oh she can get that
just hearing her talk about all the
things that she does is fantastic the
way that she says that no one should be
su in show business she even quotes
Denzel saying that show business should
be called a business show it's all the
stuff I always say on YouTube with her
you guys you know about YouTube it's a
game it's a it's a game of YouTube the
different things that you guys have to
do in order to make it work and I tried
to slip in those things little by little
just hearing Viola Davis talk about from
the acting perspective I highly employ
you guys to check all that stuff out
on that let me know your thoughts down
below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll help you get away with murder